add cookieRefresh transparency to GVL (#260)
InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/GDPR-Transparency-and-Consent-Framework: TCFv2/IAB Tech Lab - Device storage duration and access disclosure.md

  </tr>
</table>

### <code>cookieRefresh</code>

> This true or false field indicates whether the cookie in scope for <code>cookieMaxAgeSeconds</code> is refreshed when a browser reloads. The following is an example of a cookie "refresh" scenario. On Day 0 a user visits a webpage which loads Vendor A who seeks Purpose 1 consent. She consents to Purpose 1 which includes Vendor A's 90 day max age cookie disclosure. This cookie is set to expire 90 days from now on Day 90 using <code>Set-Cookie: Max-Age=7776000</code>. On Day 5 the same user again visits the same webpage loading Vendor A. The webpage's CMP previously recorded her data processing choices and does not do so again. Vendor A is considered to "refresh" the cookie if it resets the countdown to 90 days from day 5, which would now be 96 days after the user made her choice when the webpage's CMP displayed a transparency and control experience to her.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This true or false field indicates whether any cookies in scope for <code>cookieMaxAgeSeconds</code> are refreshed after being initially set. The following is an example of a cookie "refresh" scenario. On Day 0 a user visits a webpage which loads Vendor A who seeks Purpose 1 consent. She consents to Purpose 1 which includes Vendor A's 90 day max age cookie disclosure. This cookie is set to expire 90 days from now on Day 90 using <code>Set-Cookie: Max-Age=7776000</code>. On Day 5 the same user again visits the same webpage loading Vendor A. The webpage's CMP previously recorded her data processing choices and does not surface a new consent request. Vendor A is considered to "refresh" the cookie if it resets the countdown to 90 days from day 5, which would now be 96 days after the user made her choice when the webpage's CMP displayed a transparency and control experience to her.
```

For types of mechanisms (non-cookie) where duration cannot be set, this field should be null.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><code>cookieRefresh</code>
   </td>
   <td><strong>optional</strong>
   </td>
   <td>boolean
   </td>

>    <td>Only required for the type = ‘cookie’; otherwise false. Indicates the vendor’s refreshing a cookie (see example above). True indicates the vendor refreshes this cookie. False indicates the vendor does not refresh the this cookie any time the browser reloads.

Reviewer 2: Delete " this"
